how come nobody's ever tried to be a
superior way I don't know probably cause
it's impossible putting on a mask and
helping people house Adam
dude if anybody did it in real life to
get their ass kicked
oh no I'm just standing around you know
oh no not I was just a regular guy
congratu s-- hey my only superpower I
was being invisible to girls
genomic books had it wrong you don't
need a power to be a superhero
we've all done your business yes it is
hey there's a dude dressed like a
superhero decorating but you guys
who are you I'm kick-ass kick-ass has
become the latest internet phenomenon
this is also good actually pretty good
you should call himself ass kick instead
he's inspired a wave of real-life
superheroes tool up honey buddy it's
time to give bad guys
you want to go fight some crime see what
you can do this guy comes out of nowhere
this would be the guy that looks like
Batman they tell me one guy can paint in
my Mane tonight I gotta send a public
service message that being a superhero
is bad for your health
see you wanna play
who are you I'm Hit Girl
that's a kick-ass red mist oh that kind
of hurt
ya think I'm alone with her dude I want
this place locked down nobody comes in
nobody goes out it's a little kid
you
oh yeah you see that did you
that's why I wish your barrows love us